Traditional Drawing
Learn to put pencil to paper with our drawing courses in Educare College.
Learn to sketch urban street scenes with pen and wash with our drawing courses in Educare College.
Learn drawing and painting skills with our drawing courses and painting courses in Educare College.
Learn to develop your drawing and painting skills with our visual arts courses in Educare College.

Digital Drawing
Learn to beginner's guide to digital art in Educare College.
Learn to digitally painting light and color in Educare College.
Learn to characters and backgrounds in Educare College.
Learn to Learn 3d modeling and digital sculpting from the best and start building realistic props, creatures and environments.

Photography
Learn digital photography with our photography courses in Educare College.
Learn how to stylishly edit photographic images with our photography courses in Educare College.
Learn to improve your technical photography skills with our photography courses in Educare College.
Learn creative composition skills with our photography courses in Educare College.

Videography
Learn DSLR videography with our video making courses in Educare College.
Continue learning how to make a short video with our video courses in Educare College.
Learn video editing & production in this Adobe Premiere Pro training course. Adobe Premiere Pro is one of eight Adobe Creative Cloud short courses we offer in Educare College.

Music
Learn to play the piano with our music and singing courses in Educare College.
Learn how to play the drums in a variety of styles with our groovy music courses in Educare College.
Learn to express yourself musically through guitar with our music & singing courses in Educare College.
Learn how to play the violin with our music & singing courses in Educare College.

Singing
Learn how to sing with our music & singing courses in Educare College.
Learn to sing with our music & singing courses in Educare College.

Songwriting
Learn how to write a song with our music and singing courses in Educare College.
Learn how to read and write poetry with our writing courses in Educare College.
Improve your work skills by learning the art of creative writing through our writing short courses in Educare College.
Learn to write your thoughts through journals and letters with our writing courses in Educare College.

